Add possibility to disable SPIFFE cert validation per envoy instance (#3014)
spiffe/spire: doc/spire_agent.md

extension, which is only available starting with Envoy 1.18.
The default name is configurable (see `default_all_bundles_name` under [SDS Configuration](#sds-configuration).

> SPIFFE Certificate Validator enabled by default and can be disabled by setting `disable_spiffe_cert_validation` to `true` in [SDS Configuration](#sds-configuration) for all instances or per instance in envoy's node metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SPIFFE Certificate Validator](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/transport_sockets/tls/v3/tls_spiffe_validator_config.proto) configures Envoy to perform SPIFFE authentication. It is used by default but can be disabled by setting `disable_spiffe_cert_validation` to `true` in [SDS Configuration](#sds-configuration). Alternatively, to disable for an individual envoy instance, the `disable_spiffe_cert_validation` key can be configured and set to `false` in the Envoy  node metadata. When not used, Envoy will perform standard X.509 certificate chain validation. 
```

Author: This is a bit not correct but I've changed so PTAL once again
